# ANNEX II

## Template for the written minutes and notes referred to in Article 6(2)(d) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/960 where no inside information is disclosed

Item Text field i. Identity of the disclosing market participant Full names of the disclosing market participant and of the person within the disclosing market participant providing the information and the contact details used for the communication. ii. Identity of the person receiving the communication Full name of the person receiving the communication and the contact details used for the communication. iii. Date and time of the communication Date and time(s) of the communication specifying the time zone. iv. Clarification of the nature of the conversation in accordance with Article 3(4)(a) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/960 Record of the statement that the communication takes place for the purposes of a market sounding. v. Confirmation of identity in accordance with Article 3(4)(c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/960 Record of the information about the confirmation from the contacted person that the disclosing market participant is communicating with the person entrusted by the potential investor to receive the market sounding. vi. Clarification in accordance with Article 3(4)(d) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/960 that no inside information will be communicated Record of the statement clarifying that, if agreeing to receive the market sounding, the person receiving the communication of information will receive information which the disclosing market participant does not consider inside information and a reference to the obligation set forth in Article 11(7) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014. vii. Confirmation of consent in accordance with Article 3(4)(e) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/960 Record of the information about the consent of the person receiving the market sounding to proceed with the market sounding (request and reply). viii. Disclosure of information in accordance with Article 3(4)(f) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/960 Description of the information disclosed for the purposes of the market sounding.

