# ANNEX

## Table 1

Symbol table to be applied to all Tables

SYMBOL DATA TYPE DEFINITION {ALPHANUM-n} Up to n alphanumerical characters Free text field. {COUNTRYCODE_2} 2 alphanumerical characters 2-letter country code, as defined by ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} ISO 8601 date and time format Date and time in the following format: — YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.Z. — ‘YYYY’ is the year; — ‘MM’ is the month; — ‘DD’ is the day; — ‘T’ — means that the letter ‘T’ shall be used — ‘hh’ is the hour; — ‘mm’ is the minute; — ‘ss.’ is the second; — Z is UTC time. Dates and times shall be reported in UTC. {ISIN} 12 alphanumerical characters ISIN code, as defined in ISO 6166 {LEI} 20 alphanumerical characters Legal entity identifier as defined in ISO 17442 {MIC} 4 alphanumerical characters Market identifier as defined in ISO 10383



Table 2

Format of the publication and communication to the relevant competent authority by a trading venue operator of its decision to suspend or remove the financial instrument and related derivatives from trading; and of its decision to lift a suspension of a financial instrument and related derivatives

FIELD DETAILS TO BE REPORTED FORMAT FOR REPORTING Date and time of the publication / communication Field to be populated with the date and time of the publication / communication. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Action type Field to be populated with the action type. Suspension, removal, lifting of a suspension. Reasons for the action Field to be populated with the reasons for the action {ALPHANUM-350} Effective from Field to be populated with the date and time from which the action is effective. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Effective to Field to be populated with the date and time until which the action is effective. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Ongoing Field to be populated with true if the action is ongoing or false otherwise. ‘True’— Action is ongoing ‘False’— Action is not ongoing Trading venue(s) Field to be populated with the MIC or MICs of the trading venues(s) or segments thereof to which the action relates. {MIC} If multiple MICs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple MICs separated by comma. Issuer name Field to be populated with the name of the issuer of the instrument to which the action relates. {ALPHANUM-350} Issuer Field to be populated with the LEI of the issuer of the instrument to which the action relates. {LEI} Instrument identifier Field to be populated with the ISIN of the instrument. {ISIN} Instrument full name Field to be populated with the name of the instrument. {ALPHANUM-350} Related derivatives Field to be populated with the ISINs of the related derivatives as specified in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/569 (1), to which the action also relates. {ISIN} If multiple ISINs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple ISINs separated by comma. Other related instruments Field to be populated with the ISINs of the related derivatives affected by the action. {ISIN} If multiple ISINs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple ISINs separated by comma. Comments Field to be populated with comments. {ALPHANUM-350}



Table 3

Format of the publication and communication by Competent Authorities of the decision to suspend or remove a financial instrument and related derivatives from trading and to lift a suspension of a financial instrument and related derivatives

FIELD DETAILS TO BE REPORTED FORMAT FOR REPORTING Competent authority Field to be populated with the acronym of the competent authority doing the publication / communication. {ALPHANUM-10} Member State of the competent authority Field to be populated with the country code of the Member State of the competent authority doing the publication / communication. {COUNTRYCODE_2} Trading venue operator as initiator of the action Field to be populated with: — true, if the initiator of the action is a trading venue operator; or — false, if the initiator of the action is not a trading venue operator but a competent authority. ‘True’— Trading venue initiator ‘False’— Not a trading venue initiator Date and time of the publication / communication Field to be populated with the date and time of the publication / communication. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Action type Field to be populated with the action type. Suspension, removal, lifting of a suspension. Reasons for the action Field to be populated with the reasons for the action. {ALPHANUM-350} Effective from Field to be populated with the date and time from which the action is effective. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Effective to Field to be populated with the date and time until which the action is effective. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Ongoing Field to be populated with true if the action is ongoing or false otherwise. ‘True’— Action is ongoing ‘False’— Action is not ongoing Trading venue(s) Field to be populated with the MIC or MICs of the trading venues(s) or segments thereof to which the action relates. {MIC} If multiple MICs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple MICs separated by comma. Issuer name Field to be populated with the name of the issuer of the instrument to which the action relates. {ALPHANUM-350} Issuer Field to be populated with the LEI of the issuer of the instrument to which the action relates. {LEI} Instrument identifier Field to be populated with the ISIN of the instrument. {ISIN} Instrument full name Field to be populated with the name of the instrument. {ALPHANUM-350} Related derivatives Field to be populated with the ISINs of the related derivatives as specified in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/569, to which the action also relates. {ISIN} If multiple ISINs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple ISINs separated by comma. Other related instruments Field to be populated with the ISINs of the related derivatives affected by the action. {ISIN} If multiple ISINs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple ISINs separated by comma. Comments Field to be populated with comments. {ALPHANUM-350}



Table 4

Format of the communication to ESMA and other competent authorities by competent authorities of their decisions on whether to follow a suspension, a removal or a lifting of a suspension

FIELD DETAILS TO BE REPORTED FORMAT FOR REPORTING Competent authority Field to be populated with the acronym of the competent authority that communicated the original action. {ALPHANUM-10} Member State of the competent authority Field to be populated with the country code of the Member State of the competent authority that communicated the original action. {COUNTRYCODE_2} Competent authority initiating the current action Field to be populated with the acronym of the competent authority following or not following the original action. {ALPHANUM-10} Member State of the competent authority initiating the current action Field to be populated with the country code of the Member State of the competent authority following or not following the original action. {COUNTRYCODE_2} Original action type Field to be populated with the type of the original action. Suspension, removal, lifting of a suspension. Decision to follow, if applicable Field to be populated, if applicable, with: — true if the action is followed; or — false if the action is not followed. ‘True’— Action is followed ‘False’— Action is not followed Reasons for the decision not to follow a removal, suspension or lifting thereof, if applicable Field to be populated with the reasons for the decision not to follow a removal, suspension or lifting thereof, if applicable. {ALPHANUM-350} Date and time of the communication Field to be populated with the date and time of the communication of the current action. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Effective from Field to be populated with the date and time from which the current action is effective. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Effective to Field to be populated with the date and time until which the current action is effective. {DATE_TIME_FORMAT} Ongoing Field to be populated with ‘true’ if the action is ongoing, or ‘false’ otherwise. ‘True’— Action is ongoing ‘False’— Action is not ongoing Trading venue(s) Field to be populated with the MIC or MICs of the trading venues(s) or segments thereof to which the current action relates. {MIC} If multiple MICs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple MICs separated by comma. Issuer name Field to be populated with the name of the issuer of the instrument to which the action relates. {ALPHANUM-350} Issuer Field to be populated with the LEI of the issuer of the instrument to which the action relates. {LEI} Instrument identifier Field to be populated with the ISIN of the instrument. {ISIN} Instrument full name Field to be populated with the name of the instrument. {ALPHANUM-350} Related derivatives Field to be populated with the ISINs of the related derivatives as specified in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/569, to which the action also relates. {ISIN} If multiple ISINs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple ISINs separated by comma. Other related instruments Field to be populated with the ISINs of the related derivatives affected by the action. {ISIN} If multiple ISINs have to be provided, this field shall be populated with multiple ISINs separated by comma. Comments Field to be populated with comments. {ALPHANUM-350}



(1)  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/569 of 24 May 2016 supplementing Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards for the suspension and removal of financial instruments from trading (OJ L 87, 31.3.2017, p. 122).

