# ANNEX

## Table 1

Counterparty Data

  Field Format   Parties to the contract   1 Reporting timestamp ISO 8601 date format / UTC time format. 2 Counterparty ID Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) (20 alphanumerical digits), interim entity identifier (20 alphanumerical digits), BIC (11 alphanumerical digits) or a client code (50 alphanumerical digits). 3 ID of the other Counterparty Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) (20 alphanumerical digits), interim entity identifier (20 alphanumerical digits), BIC (11 alphanumerical digits) or a client code (50 alphanumerical digits). 4 Name of the counterparty 100 alphanumerical digits or blank in case of coverage by Legal Entity Identifier (LEI). 5 Domicile of the counterparty 500 alphanumerical digits or blank in case of coverage by Legal Entity Identifier (LEI). 6 Corporate sector of the counterparty Taxonomy: A = Assurance undertaking authorised in accordance with Directive 2002/83/EC; C = Credit institution authorised in accordance with Directive 2006/48/EC; F = Investment firm in accordance with Directive 2004/39/EC; I = Insurance undertaking authorised in accordance with Directive 73/239/EEC; L = Alternative investment fund managed by AIFMs authorised or registered in accordance with Directive 2011/61/EU; O = Institution for occupational retirement provision within the meaning of Article 6(a) of Directive 2003/41/EC; R = Reinsurance undertaking authorised in accordance with Directive 2005/68/EC; U = UCITS and its management company, authorised in accordance with Directive 2009/65/EC; or blank in case of coverage by Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) or in case of non-financial counterparties. 7 Financial or non-financial nature of the counterparty F=Financial Counterparty, N=Non-Financial Counterparty. 8 Broker ID Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) (20 alphanumerical digits), interim entity identifier (20 alphanumerical digits), BIC (11 alphanumerical digits) or a client code (50 alphanumerical digits). 9 Reporting entity ID Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) (20 alphanumerical digits), interim entity identifier (20 alphanumerical digits), BIC (11 alphanumerical digits) or a client code (50 alphanumerical digits). 10 Clearing member ID Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) (20 alphanumerical digits), interim entity identifier (20 alphanumerical digits), BIC (11 alphanumerical digits) or a client code (50 alphanumerical digits). 11 Beneficiary ID Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) (20 alphanumerical digits), interim entity identifier (20 alphanumerical digits), BIC (11 alphanumerical digits) or a client code (50 alphanumerical digits). 12 Trading capacity P=Principal, A=Agent. 13 Counterparty side B=Buyer, S=Seller. 14 Trade with non-EEA counterparty Y=Yes, N=No. 15 Directly linked to commercial activity or treasury financing Y=Yes, N=No. 16 Clearing threshold Y=Above, N=Below. 17 Mark to market value of contract Up to 20 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy. 18 Currency of mark to market value of the contract ISO 4217 Currency Code, 3 alphabetical digits. 19 Valuation date ISO 8601 date format. 20 Valuation time UTC time format. 21 Valuation type M=mark to market / O=mark to model. 22 Collateralisation U=uncollateralised, PC= partially collateralised, OC=one way collateralised or FC=fully collateralised. 23 Collateral portfolio Y=Yes, N=No. 24 Collateral portfolio code Up to 10 numerical digits. 25 Value of the collateral Specify the value the total amount of collateral posted; up to 20 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy. 26 Currency of the collateral value Specify the currency of field 25; ISO 4217 Currency Code, 3 alphabetical digits.



Table 2

Common Data

  Field Format Applicable types of derivative contract   Section 2a - Contract type   All contracts 1 Taxonomy used Identify the taxonomy used: U= Product Identifier [endorsed in Europe] E= Interim taxonomy   2 Product ID 1 For taxonomy = U: Product Identifier (UPI), to be defined For taxonomy = I: ISIN or AII, 12 digits alphanumerical code For taxonomy = E: Derivative class: CO = Commodity CR = Credit CU = Currency EQ = Equity IR = Interest Rate OT = Other   3 Product ID 2 For taxonomy = U Blank For taxonomy = I CFI, 6 characters alphabetical code For taxonomy = E: Derivative type: CD = Contracts for difference FR = Forward rate agreements FU = Futures FW = Forwards OP = Option SW = Swap OT = Other   4 Underlying ISIN (12 alphanumerical digits); LEI (20 alphanumerical digits); Interim entity identifier (20 alphanumerical digits); UPI (to be defined); B= Basket; I= Index.   5 Notional currency 1 ISO 4217 Currency Code, 3 alphabetical digits.   6 Notional currency 2 ISO 4217 Currency Code, 3 alphabetical digits.   7 Deliverable currency ISO 4217 Currency Code, 3 alphabetical digits.     Section 2b - Details on the transaction   All contracts 8 Trade ID Up to 52 alphanumerical digits.   9 Transaction reference number An alphanumeric field up to 40 characters   10 Venue of execution ISO 10383 Market Identifier Code (MIC), 4 digits alphabetical. Where relevant, XOFF for listed derivatives that are traded off-exchange or XXXX for OTC derivatives.   11 Compression Y = if the contract results from compression; N= if the contract does not result from compression.   12 Price / rate Up to 20 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.   13 Price notation E.g. ISO 4217 Currency Code, 3 alphabetical digits, percentage.   14 Notional amount Up to 20 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.   15 Price multiplier Up to 10 numerical digits.   16 Quantity Up to 10 numerical digits.   17 Up-front payment Up to 10 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy for payments made by the reporting counterparty and in the format xxxx,yyyyy for payments received by the reporting counterparty.   18 Delivery type C=Cash, P=Physical, O=Optional for counterparty.   19 Execution timestamp ISO 8601 date format / UTC time format.   20 Effective date ISO 8601 date format.   21 Maturity date ISO 8601 date format.   22 Termination date ISO 8601 date format.   23 Settlement date ISO 8601 date format.   24 Master Agreement type Free Text, field of up to 50 characters, identifying the name of the Master Agreement used, if any.   25 Master Agreement version Year, xxxx.     Section 2c - Risk mitigation / Reporting   All contracts 26 Confirmation timestamp ISO 8601 date format, UTC time format.   27 Confirmation means Y=Non-electronically confirmed, N=Non-confirmed, E=Electronically confirmed.     Section 2d - Clearing   All contracts 28 Clearing obligation Y=Yes, N=No.   29 Cleared Y=Yes, N=No.   30 Clearing timestamp ISO 8601 date format / UTC time format.   31 CCP ID Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) (20 alphanumerical digits) or, if not available, interim entity identifier (20 alphanumerical digits) or, if not available, BIC (11 alphanumerical digits).   32 Intragroup Y=Yes, N=No.     Section 2e - Interest Rates   Interest rate derivatives 33 Fixed rate of leg 1 Numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.   34 Fixed rate of leg 2 Numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.   35 Fixed rate day count Actual/365, 30B/360 or Other.   36 Fixed leg payment frequency An integer multiplier of a time period describing how often the counterparties exchange payments, e.g. 10D, 3M, 5Y.   37 Floating rate payment frequency An integer multiplier of a time period describing how often the counterparties exchange payments, e.g. 10D, 3M, 5Y.   38 Floating rate reset frequency D= An integer multiplier of a time period describing how often the counterparties exchange payments, e.g. 10D, 3M, 5Y.   39 Floating rate of leg 1 The name of the floating rate index, e.g. 3M Euribor.   40 Floating rate of leg 2 The name of the floating rate index, e.g. 3M Euribor.     Section 2f – Foreign Exchange   Currency derivatives 41 Currency 2 ISO 4217 Currency Code, 3 alphabetical digits.   42 Exchange rate 1 Up to 10 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.   43 Forward exchange rate Up to 10 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.   44 Exchange rate basis E.g. EUR/USD or USD/EUR.     Section 2g - Commodities If a UPI is reported and contains all the information below, this is not required unless to be reported according to Regulation (EU) No 1227/2011. Commodity derivatives General 45 Commodity base AG= Agricultural EN= Energy FR= Freights ME= Metals IN= Index EV= Environmental EX= Exotic   46 Commodity details Agricultural GO= Grains oilseeds DA= Dairy LI= Livestock FO= Forestry SO= Softs Energy OI= Oil NG= Natural gas CO= Coal EL= Electricity IE= Inter-energy Metals PR= Precious NP= Non-precious Environmental WE= Weather EM= Emissions   Energy 47 Delivery point or zone EIC code, 16 character alphanumeric code.   48 Interconnection Point Free text, field of up to 50 characters.   49 Load type Repeatable section of fields 50-54 to identify the product delivery profile which correspond to the delivery periods of a day; BL= Base Load PL= Peak Load OP= Off-Peak BH= Block Hours OT= Other   50 Delivery start date and time ISO 8601 date format / UTC time format.   51 Delivery end date and time ISO 8601 date format / UTC time format.   52 Contract capacity Free text, field of up to 50 characters.   53 Quantity Unit 10 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.   54 Price/time interval quantities 10 numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.     Section 2h - Options   Contracts that contain an option 55 Option type P=Put, C=Call.   56 Option style (exercise) A=American, B=Bermudan, E=European, S=Asian.   57 Strike price (cap/floor rate) Up to 10 Numerical digits in the format xxxx,yyyyy.     Section 2i - Modifications to the contract   All contracts 58 Action type N= New M= Modify E= Error, C= Cancel, Z= Compression, V= Valuation update, O= Other.   59 Details of action type Free text, field of up to 50 characters.  

