# ANNEX I

## Description of the type of system and the related information to be made public in accordance with Article 2

## Information to be made public in accordance with Article 2

Type of system Description of system Information to be made public Continuous auction order book trading system A system that by means of an order book and a trading algorithm operated without human intervention matches sell orders with buy orders on the basis of the best available price on a continuous basis. For each financial instrument, the aggregate number of orders and the volume they represent at each price level, for at least the five best bid and offer price levels. Quote-driven trading system A system where transactions are concluded on the basis of firm quotes that are continuously made available to participants, which requires the market makers to maintain quotes in a size that balances the needs of members and participants to deal in a commercial size and the risk to which the market maker exposes itself. For each financial instrument, the best bid and offer by price of each market maker in that instrument, together with the volumes attaching to those prices. The quotes made public shall be those that represent binding commitments to buy and sell the financial instruments and which indicate the price and volume of financial instruments in which the registered market makers are prepared to buy or sell. In exceptional market conditions, however, indicative or one-way prices may be allowed for a limited time. Periodic auction trading system A system that matches orders on the basis of a periodic auction and a trading algorithm operated without human intervention. For each financial instrument, the price at which the auction trading system would best satisfy its trading algorithm and the volume that would potentially be executable at that price by participants in that system. Request-for-quote trading system A trading system where a quote or quotes are provided in response to a request for a quote submitted by one or more other members or participants. The quote is executable exclusively by the requesting member or market participant. The requesting member or participant may conclude a transaction by accepting the quote or quotes provided to it on request. The quotes and the attaching volumes from any member or participant which, if accepted, would lead to a transaction under the system's rules. All submitted quotes in response to a request for quote may be published at the same time but not later than when they become executable. Voice trading system A trading system where transactions between members are arranged through voice negotiation. The bids and offers and the attaching volumes from any member or participant which, if accepted, would lead to a transaction under the system's rules Trading system not covered by first 5 rows A hybrid system falling into two or more of the first five rows or a system where the price determination process is of a different nature than that applicable to the types of system covered by first five rows. Adequate information as to the level of orders or quotes and of trading interest; in particular, the five best bid and offer price levels and/or two-way quotes of each market maker in the instrument, if the characteristics of the price discovery mechanism so permit.

