(2) The capital treatment of credit institutions and investment firms should be specifically taken into account in respect of technical standards because CCPs are exposed, while performing non-covered activities, to risks that are similar to the risks incurred by credit institutions and investment firms. Relevant parts of the Principles for Financial Market Infrastructure issued by the Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems and the International Organization of Securities Commissions (‘CPSS-IOSCO Principles’) should also be taken into account. In order to ensure that they are able to organise an orderly winding down or restructuring of their activities, CCPs should hold sufficient financial resources to withstand operational expenses over an appropriate period of time. A CCP should be able during such a period of time to set up any kind of arrangement in order to reorganise its critical operations, including recapitalising, replacing management, revising its business strategies, cost or fee structures, restructuring the services it provides, liquidating its clearing portfolio or merging with — or transferring its clearing activities to — another CCP. During the winding down or restructuring a CCP still needs to continue its operations. While in this case some costs, such as marketing ones, may decrease, other costs, such as legal expenses, may increase. Therefore, using the gross annual operating expenses is deemed to be an appropriate approximation of the actual expenses during the winding down or restructuring of a CCP’s operations. In order to take into account the diversity of accounting practices among CCPs, the operational expenses should be considered in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 July 2002 on the application of international accounting standards (3) or in accordance with a number of limited other rules applicable in the field, as indicated by Union law.

%%% (3)  OJ L 243, 11.9.2002, p. 1.