(21) The use of gambling sector services to launder the proceeds of criminal activity is of concern. In order to mitigate the risks relating to gambling services, this Directive should provide for an obligation for providers of gambling services posing higher risks to apply customer due diligence measures for single transactions amounting to EUR 2 000 or more. Member States should ensure that obliged entities apply the same threshold to the collection of winnings, wagering a stake, including by the purchase and exchange of gambling chips, or both. Providers of gambling services with physical premises, such as casinos and gaming houses, should ensure that customer due diligence, if it is taken at the point of entry to the premises, can be linked to the transactions conducted by the customer on those premises. However, in proven low-risk circumstances, Member States should be allowed to exempt certain gambling services from some or all of the requirements laid down in this Directive. The use of an exemption by a Member State should be considered only in strictly limited and justified circumstances, and where the risks of money laundering or terrorist financing are low. Such exemptions should be subject to a specific risk assessment which also considers the degree of vulnerability of the applicable transactions. They should be notified to the Commission. In the risk assessment, Member States should indicate how they have taken into account any relevant findings in the reports issued by the Commission in the framework of the supranational risk assessment.