(18) Where individual key information documents for each option are deemed not appropriate for retail investors by the PRIIP manufacturer, specific information about the underlying investment options and the generic information about the PRIIP, should be provided, separately. To avoid confusion, the generic information about the PRIIP provided in the key information document should indicate the range of risks, performance and costs that can be expected across the different underlying investment options offered. In addition, the specific information on the underlying investment options should always reflect the features of the PRIIP through which the underlying investment options are offered. This specific information may be provided in different forms, for example in the form of single document setting out the necessary information on all the different underlying investment options, or through individual documents for each underlying investment option. UCITS and non-UCITS funds to which Articles 78 to 81 of Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (2) apply with regard to the format and content of their key investor information document are afforded a transitional exemption period under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014. In order to provide those funds with a consistent transitional legal regime, PRIIP manufacturers should be allowed to continue using those key investor information documents in respect of PRIIPs offering those types of funds as the only underlying investment options, or alongside other underlying investment options. Where PRIIP manufacturers opt to use the key investor information documents in case of PRIIPs offering those types of funds alongside other investment options, the generic key information document should show a single range of risk classes in the format of the PRIIPs risk scale. The range of risk classes for all underlying investment options offered within the given PRIIP should combine synthetic risk and reward indicator pursuant to Article 8 of Commission Regulation (EU) No 583/2010 (3) for the UCITS or non-UCITS funds and summary risk indicator in accordance with this Regulation for other underlying investment options. Where the PRIIP offers only UCITS or non-UCITS funds as investment options, the PRIIP manufacturer should be allowed to use the presentation and methodology pursuant to Article 10 of Regulation (EU) No 583/2010. Regardless of the form chosen, the specific information should always be consistent with the information that is contained in the key information document.

%%% (2)  Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS) (recast) (OJ L 302, 17.11.2009, p. 32).

%%% (3)  Commission Regulation (EU) No 583/2010 of 1 July 2010 implementing Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards key investor information and conditions to be met when providing key investor information or the prospectus in a durable medium other than paper or by means of a website (OJ L 176, 10.7.2010, p. 1).