(7) This Regulation responds to the need to enhance the transparency of securities financing markets and thus of the financial system. In order to ensure equivalent conditions of competition and international convergence, this Regulation follows the FSB Policy Framework. It creates a Union framework under which details of SFTs can be efficiently reported to trade repositories and information on SFTs and total return swaps is disclosed to investors in collective investment undertakings. The definition of SFT in this Regulation does not include derivative contracts as defined in Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council (6). However, it includes transactions that are commonly referred to as liquidity swaps and collateral swaps, which do not fall under the definition of derivative contracts in Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The need for international convergence is reinforced by the probability that, following structural reform of the Union banking sector, activities that are currently exercised by traditional banks might migrate to the shadow banking sector and encompass financial and non-financial entities. Therefore, even less transparency may arise for regulators and supervisors in respect of those activities, preventing them from obtaining a proper overview of the risks linked to SFTs. This would only aggravate already well established links between the regulated and the shadow banking sectors in particular markets.

%%% (6)  Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories (OJ L 201, 27.7.2012, p. 1).