(4) The increasing number of cross-border settlements as a consequence of the development of link agreements between CSDs calls into question the resilience, in the absence of common prudential rules, of CSDs when importing the risks encountered by CSDs from other Member States. Moreover, despite the increase in cross-border settlements, market-driven changes towards a more integrated market for CSD services have proven to be very slow. An open internal market in securities settlement should allow any investor in the Union to invest in all Union securities with the same ease as in, and using the same processes as for, domestic securities. However, the settlement markets in the Union remain fragmented across national borders and cross-border settlement remains more costly, due to different national rules regulating settlement and the activities of CSDs and limited competition between CSDs. That fragmentation hinders and creates additional risks and costs for cross-border settlement. Given the systemic relevance of CSDs, competition between them should be promoted so as to enable market participants a choice of provider and reduce reliance on any one infrastructure provider. In the absence of identical obligations for market operators and common prudential standards for CSDs, divergent measures likely to be taken at national level will have a direct negative impact on the safety, efficiency and competition in the settlement markets in the Union. It is necessary to remove those significant obstacles in the functioning of the internal market and avoid distortions of competition and to prevent such obstacles and distortions from arising in the future. The creation of an integrated market for securities settlement with no distinction between national and cross-border securities transactions is needed for the proper functioning of the internal market. Consequently, the appropriate legal basis for this Regulation should be Article 114 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), as interpreted in accordance with the consistent case law of the Court of Justice of the European Union.