(11) The recording of securities in book-entry form is an important step towards increasing the efficiency of settlement and ensuring the integrity of a securities issue, especially in a context of increasing complexity of holding and transfer methods. For reasons of safety, this Regulation provides for the recording in book-entry form of all transferable securities admitted to trading or traded on the trading venues regulated by Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (7) and by Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (8). This Regulation should not impose one particular method for the initial book-entry recording, which should be able to take the form of immobilisation or of immediate dematerialisation. This Regulation should not impose the type of institution that is to record securities in book-entry form upon issuance but, rather, should permit different actors, including registrars, to perform that function. However, once transactions in such securities are executed on trading venues regulated by Directive 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 or provided as collateral under the conditions laid down in Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (9), such securities should be recorded in a CSD book-entry system in order to ensure, inter alia, that all such securities can be settled in a securities settlement system. Immobilisation and dematerialisation should not imply any loss of rights for the holders of securities and should be achieved in a way that ensures that holders of securities can verify their rights.

%%% (7)  Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (OJ L 173, 12.6.2014, p. 349).

%%% (8)  Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (OJ L 173, 12.6.2014, p. 84).

%%% (9)  Directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements (OJ L 168, 27.6.2002, p. 43).