(42) Taking into account the central role of securities settlement systems in the financial markets, CSDs should, when providing their services, make best efforts to ensure the timely settlement of securities transactions and the integrity of the securities issue. This Regulation should not interfere with the national law of the Member States regulating the holdings of securities and the arrangements maintaining the integrity of securities issues. However, in order to enhance the protection of the assets of their participants and those of their clients, this Regulation should require CSDs to segregate the securities accounts maintained for each participant and offer, upon request, further segregation of the accounts of the participants’ clients which in some cases might be available only at a higher cost to be borne by the participants’ clients requesting further segregation. CSDs and their participants should be required to provide for both omnibus client segregation and individual client segregation so clients can choose the level of segregation they believe is appropriate to their needs. The only exclusion from this should be where due to other public policy requirements, in particular in relation to efficient and transparent collection of taxation, a CSD and its participants are required to provide individual client segregation for citizens and residents of and legal persons established in a Member State where, at the date of entry into force of this Regulation, such individual client segregation is required under the national law of the Member State under which the securities are constituted and only for citizens, residents of and legal persons established in that Member State. CSDs should ensure that those requirements apply separately to each securities settlement system operated by them. Without prejudice to the provision of ancillary services, CSDs should not use on their own account any securities that belong to a participant unless explicitly authorised by that participant and should not otherwise use on their own account the securities that do not belong to them. In addition the CSD should require the participants to obtain any necessary prior consent from their clients.