# ANNEX III

## Template for recording the communication given in accordance with the first subparagraph of Article 11(6) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 to inform the person having received the market sounding that the information disclosed has ceased to be inside information

Item Text field i. Identity of the disclosing market participant Full names of the disclosing market participant and of the person within the disclosing market participant providing the information and the contact details used for the communication. ii. Identity of the person receiving the communication Full name of the person receiving the communication and the contact details used for the communication. iii. Date and time of the communication Date and time(s) of the communication specifying the time zone. iv. Identification of the transaction Information to identify the transaction that was subject to the market sounding. It may include information about the type of transaction, e.g. IPO, secondary offer, merger, block trade, private placement, share capital increase. v. Date and time of the market sounding Information about the date and time when the inside information was disclosed as part of the market sounding. vi. Communication that the information has ceased to be inside information Statement to inform the market sounding recipient of the fact that the information disclosed has ceased to be inside information. vii. Date when the information ceased to be inside information The date when the information disclosed as part of the market sounding ceased to be inside information.

