(51) One of the core objectives of the Capital Markets Union is to facilitate access to financing on capital markets for SMEs in the Union. It is appropriate to extend the definition of SMEs to include SMEs as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU to ensure consistency between this Regulation and Directive 2014/65/EU. As SMEs usually need to raise relatively lower amounts than other issuers, the cost of drawing up a standard prospectus can be disproportionately high and might deter them from offering their securities to the public. At the same time, because of their size and potentially shorter track record, SMEs might carry a specific investment risk compared to larger issuers and should disclose sufficient information for investors to take their investment decision. Furthermore, in order to encourage the use of capital market financing by SMEs, this Regulation should ensure that special consideration is given to SME growth markets, which are a promising tool to allow smaller, growing companies to raise capital. The success of such venues depends, however, on their ability to cater for the financing needs of growing SMEs. Similarly, certain companies offering securities to the public with a total consideration in the Union not exceeding EUR 20 000 000 would benefit from easier access to capital market financing in order to be able to grow and should be able to raise funds at costs that are not disproportionately high. Therefore, it is appropriate that this Regulation establishes a specific proportionate EU Growth prospectus regime which is available to such companies. A proper balance should be struck between cost-efficient access to financial markets and investor protection when calibrating the content of an EU Growth prospectus. As is the case for other types of prospectus under this Regulation, once approved, an EU Growth prospectus should benefit from the passporting regime under this Regulation and should therefore be valid for any offer of securities to the public across the Union.