(94) Directive 2011/61/EU lays down an extensive set of requirements regarding the depositary of an AIF in order to ensure a high standard of investor protection. The respective concrete rights and obligations of the depositary, the AIFM and, as the case may be, or the AIF and third parties should therefore be set out clearly. The written contract should comprise all details necessary for the appropriate safe-keeping of all the AIF’s assets by the depositary or a third party to whom safe-keeping functions are delegated in accordance with Directive 2011/61/EU and for the depositary to properly fulfil its oversight and control functions. In order to allow the depositary to assess and monitor custody risk, the contract should provide sufficient detail on the categories of assets in which the AIF may invest and cover the geographical regions in which the AIF plans to invest. The contract should also contain details of an escalation procedure. Thus, the depositary should alert the AIFM to any material risk identified in a particular market’s settlement system. With respect to the termination of the contract, it should reflect the fact that the termination of the contract is the depositary’s last resort if it is not satisfied that the assets are sufficiently protected. It should also prevent moral hazard whereby the AIFM would make investment decisions irrespective of custody risks on the basis that the depositary would be liable in most cases. In order to maintain a high standard of investor protection, the requirement laying down the details for the monitoring of third parties should be applied in relation to the whole custody chain.