(98) In order for the AIF’s cash flows to be properly monitored the depositary’s obligation consists of making sure that there are procedures in place and effectively implemented to appropriately monitor the AIF’s cash flows and that these procedures are periodically reviewed. In particular, the depositary should look into the reconciliation procedure to satisfy itself that the procedure is suitable for the AIF and performed at appropriate intervals taking into account the nature, scale and complexity of the AIF. Such a procedure should for example compare one by one each cash flow as reported in the bank account statements with the cash flows recorded in the AIF’s accounts. Where reconciliations are performed on a daily basis as for most open-ended AIFs, the depositary should perform its reconciliation also on a daily basis. The depositary should in particular monitor the discrepancies highlighted by the reconciliation procedures and the corrective measures taken in order to notify without undue delay the AIFM of any anomaly which has not been remedied and to conduct a full review of the reconciliation procedures. Such a review should be performed at least once a year. The depositary should also identify on a timely basis significant cash flows and in particular those which could be inconsistent with the AIF’s operations, such as changes in positions in AIF’s assets or subscriptions and redemptions, and it should receive periodically cash account statements and check the consistency of its own records of cash positions with those of the AIFM. The depositary should keep its record up to date in accordance with Article 21(8)(b) of Directive 2011/61/EU.