(29) Competent authorities’ powers should be complemented with an explicit mechanism for prohibiting or restricting the marketing, distribution and sale of any financial instrument or structured deposit giving rise to serious concerns regarding investor protection, orderly functioning and integrity of financial markets, or commodities markets, or the stability of the whole or part of the financial system, together with appropriate coordination and contingency powers for ESMA or, for structured deposits, the European Supervisory Authority (European Banking Authority) (EBA), established by Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council (12). The exercise of such powers by competent authorities and, in exceptional cases, by ESMA or EBA should be subject to the need to fulfil a number of specific conditions. Where those conditions are met, the competent authority or, in exceptional cases, ESMA or EBA should be able to impose a prohibition or restriction on a precautionary basis before a financial instrument or structured deposit has been marketed, distributed or sold to clients. Those powers do not imply any requirement to introduce or apply a product approval or licensing by the competent authority, ESMA or EBA, and do not relieve investment firms of their responsibility to comply with the all relevant requirements laid down in this Regulation and in Directive 2014/65/EU. The orderly functioning and integrity of commodity markets should be included as a criterion for intervention by competent authorities in order to enable action to be taken to counteract possible negative externalities on commodities markets from activities on financial markets. This is true, in particular, for agricultural commodity markets the purpose of which is to ensure a secure supply of food for the population. In those cases, the measures should be coordinated with the authorities competent for the commodity markets concerned.

%%% (12)  Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 November 2010 establishing a European Supervisory Authority (European Banking Authority), amending Decision No 716/2009/EC and repealing Commission Decision 2009/78/EC (OJ L 331, 15.12.2010, p. 12).