(11) In order to ensure more trading takes place on regulated trading venues and systematic internalisers, a trading obligation for shares admitted to trading on a regulated market or traded on a trading venue should be introduced for investment firms in this Regulation. That trading obligation requires investment firms to undertake all trades including trades dealt on own account and trades dealt when executing client orders on a regulated market, an MTF, a systematic internaliser or an equivalent third-country trading venue. However an exclusion from that trading obligation should be provided if there is a legitimate reason. Those legitimate reasons are where trades are non-systematic, ad-hoc, irregular and infrequent, or are technical trades such as give-up trades which do not contribute to the price discovery process. Such an exclusion from that trading obligation should not be used to circumvent the restrictions introduced on the use of the reference price waiver and the negotiated price waiver or to operate a broker crossing network or other crossing system. The option for trades to be done on a systematic internaliser is without prejudice to the systematic internaliser regime laid down in this Regulation. The intention is that if the investment firm itself meets the relevant criteria laid down in this Regulation to be deemed a systematic internaliser in that particular share, the trade may be dealt in that way; however, if it is not deemed a systematic internaliser in that particular share, the investment firm should still be able to undertake the trade on another systematic internaliser where that complies with its best execution obligations and the option is available to it. In addition, in order to ensure that multilateral trading with respect to shares, depositary receipts, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), certificates and other similar financial instruments is properly regulated, an investment firm that operates an internal matching system on a multilateral basis should be authorised as an MTF. It should be clarified that the best execution provisions set out in Directive 2014/65/EU should be applied in such a manner as not to impede the trading obligations under this Regulation.